Pagiste project layout and pages

We need ONE layoutpage. It include 1 header, 1 content and 1 footer.

The header show a logotype for Pagesti-project, 4 different menus (not logged in, as student, as teacher and as admin) + signed in as name and a logout button.

We have a startpage with Page-Project information and this page is used at firstpage for new visitor and as logout page when people sign out.

We also have a login form page.

When logged as student we have Course overview, Attended statistics and name + logout button in the menu.

We have as default page the Course overview. The student can register/unregister for courses and see an overview of all signed courses + closest class time.
There is also a button to show all class times for a special course. It will show a calendar page.
The studen also can see presence statistics.

That make 3 pages for student. 1. Course Overview, 2 Calendar page, 3. statistics
	1. student_courses.xhtml
	2. student_statistics.xhtml



When logged as teacher we have course overview, Attended statistic and name + logout button in the menu

We have as default the Course overview. The teacher can see the courses that belong to the teacher + closest class time.
There is also a button to show all class times for a special course. It will show a calendar page.
The teacher also see the presence statistics for all students and courses.

That make 3 pages for teacher. 1. Course overview, 2 Calendar page, 3. statistics
	1. teacher_courses.xhtml
	2. teacher_statistics.xhtml


When logged as admin we have course overview, attended statistic and name + logout button in the menu

We have as default the Course overview. The admin can create new courses and assign a teacher + students. (probably also change that info)
The admin can also create teacher and student accounts.
The admin can also see all statistics about the courses and students. (daily info as defaults?)

That make 3 pages for the admin. 1. Course overview, 2. Calendar page, 3 statistic
	1. admin_courses.xhtml
	2. admin_statistics.xhtml


In total we need 13 xhtml-files (if we not split more)

1 laoyout / template

1 header with the logotype + the menu + the name (clickable to a profile page) + logout button (?) <-- it is not the same links for student, teacher, admin (different pages)
1 startpage with login button and some info (index.xhtml)
1 login form page (login.xhtml)

1 calendar page, it will show the class time for a selected course (course_calendar.xhtml)

3 different Course overview pages
3 different statistics pages

1 footer with info about the project team

1 profile page, should be able change information and password


We need a css file able to style all this, especially the tables.

All files should also work together with translations files.

The name of the project is Pagiste and we should make a picture logotype The Pagiste Project to the header.



What we need from the tables

Show all courses from the course table
Show all students, teachers from the users table


Show attended class times, courses per student. 
We know the student name and get course from course table and course_time from course_time table.

